Add metadata.namespace to K8s YAML files (#133)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-24.1.1/enterprise/kubernetes.mdx

### Create a namespace

> Seqera uses a dedicated namespace to isolate Kubernetes pods and services from the other resources on your cluster.

Reviewer: Should we include instructions for removing/replacing the namespace if we go ahead with it? Or should we include instructions for users to add their own?

Reviewer 2: Think this is need. It's not a K8s tutorial. A link to K8s docs can be enough

> Seqera uses a dedicated namespace to isolate Kubernetes pods and services from the other resources on your cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a namespace to isolate Kubernetes resources used Seqera Platform from the other resources on your cluster.
```

Reviewer 2: Think we should avoid the proliferation of `-nf` suffix and prefix. Seqera Platform is beyond nextflow
